# AlertRule1


## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**severity** | **str** | The severity level of alerts generated by this rule. | [optional] 
**created_at** | **datetime** | The timestamp when the alert rule was created in ISO format. | [optional] [readonly] 
**check_name** | **object** | The name of the monitor check this rule applies to. | [optional] [readonly] 
**channel_ids** | **List[str]** | List of alert channel IDs to send notifications to. | [optional] 
**condition** | **str** | The condition that triggers this alert rule. | [optional] 
**name** | **str** | A user-friendly name for the alert rule. Max 100 characters. | [optional] 
**condition_parameters** | **Dict[str, object]** | Parameters specific to the trigger condition. Required for some conditions. | [optional] 
**check_id** | **str** | The identifier of the monitor check this rule applies to. | [optional] 
**auto_resolve** | **bool** | Whether alerts should automatically resolve when the check recovers. Defaults to true. | [optional] [default to True]
**updated_at** | **datetime** | The timestamp when the alert rule was last updated in ISO format. | [optional] [readonly] 
**channels** | [**List[AlertChannel]**](AlertChannel.md) | List of alert channels configured for this rule. | [optional] [readonly] 
**cooldown_period** | **int** | Time in seconds to wait before triggering another alert. Defaults to 300. | [optional] [default to 300]
**id** | **str** | The unique identifier for the alert rule. | [optional] [readonly] 
**enabled** | **bool** | Whether the alert rule is enabled. Defaults to true. | [optional] [default to True]

## Example

```python
from pingera.models.alert_rule1 import AlertRule1

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of AlertRule1 from a JSON string
alert_rule1_instance = AlertRule1.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(AlertRule1.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
alert_rule1_dict = alert_rule1_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of AlertRule1 from a dict
alert_rule1_from_dict = AlertRule1.from_dict(alert_rule1_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


